# Upcasting

1. Adding properties to events without upcasters 

A new requirement comes in, we want to display a description next to the transaction. For all transactions in the past, we can display "unknown" as the description. For all future transactions, we can display the description from the transaction.
Can you add this field to the events, and adjust the projectors, so they will display the description? You won't need to use any upcasters for this yet, you should be able to handle this in the event class itself.

There is already a migration in place for the transactions table, and the ui is already updated.

2. Adding properties to events with upcasters

We want to add a "transactedAt" field to the transaction events, since we can't always rely on the recorded at field that is present in the header. (For example when we record an event later than the actual transaction was initiated due to network issues).

Let's take a look at how upcasters can help us with this. 
First, lets take a look at the documentation on upcasting here: https://eventsauce.io/docs/advanced/upcasting/

Since upcasters operate directly on the event payload, figuring out what input they get and what output to expect may be a bit difficult.
Therefore we already provided a testcase. This testcase assumes that: 
- You use tokens_deposited & tokens_withdrawn as names for your event
- your new transacted_at column will be named transacted_at

You can find the test here: `Workshop\Domains\Wallet\Tests\Upcasters\TransactedAtUpcasterTest`

Implement a TransactedAtUpcaster that will make the tests pass. 

After that, you can make it work by changing the Serializer used in the WalletServiceProvider by: 
```php
serializer: new UpcastingMessageSerializer(
    eventSerializer: new ConstructingMessageSerializer(
        classNameInflector: $classNameInflector
    ),
    upcaster: new UpcasterChain(
        upcasters: new TransactedAtUpcaster()
    )
),
```

Now you can add the TransactedAt Value to your events and aggregate to complete this assignment.
