# Add the basic functionality

As good ol' chaps, we start with a unit test first. 

Within `domains\Wallet\tests` you'll already find a `WalletTestCase` this is a class we can extend, that gives us some helpers to write tests for the wallet aggregate roots.

Event sourced aggregate roots often can be tested in the format: 
* Given: an initial state
* When: something happens
* Then: we expect some events

1. Let's create a test to deposit tokens to a wallet. Create a class called `DepositTokensTest` and make it extend `WalletTestCase`.


```php
    class DepositTokensTest extends WalletTestCase
    {
        /** @test */
        public function it_can_deposit_tokens()
        {
            $this->given()
                ->when(fn(Wallet $wallet) => $wallet->deposit(100))
                ->then(new TokensDeposited(100));
        }
```

When you run the test, you'll see that it fails.
It first will complain about the missing event `TokensDeposited`.

So let's create this event:

```php 
<?php

namespace Workshop\Domains\Wallet\Events;

use EventSauce\EventSourcing\Serialization\SerializablePayload;

final class TokensDeposited implements SerializablePayload
{

    public function __construct(
        public readonly int $tokens
    ) {
    }

    public function toPayload(): array
    {
        return [
            'tokens' => $this->tokens,
        ];
    }

    public static function fromPayload(array $payload): static
    {
        return new self(
            $payload['tokens']
        );
    }
}
```

You'll notice the event implements the `SerializablePayload` interface. This so that it can be serialized and deserialized in order to be stored in a database.

Now that we've imported the event, we get an undefined method error. So lets add a method to wallet.
```php
    public function deposit(int $tokens)
    {
    }
```

This leads us to the next error, pointing to us to record an event. 
> expected event count doesn't match recorded event count
> Failed asserting that actual size 0 matches expected size 1.

```php
    public function deposit(int $tokens)
    {
        $this->recordThat(new TokensDeposited($tokens));
    }
```

Our testsuite now guides us to our next step. We need to implement the `apply` method for the event. 
> EventSauce comes with a few different traits. Some of them check if the apply method exists first.

```php
    private function applyTokensDeposited(TokensDeposited $event): void
    {
    }
```

Now that we've added our apply function, we'll see that are test passes. 🎉

Notice that we don't mutate state in the apply function yet. We'll only add state to the aggregate when we need it to verify business rules. 

Now that there is a starting point, it's the first assignment to add a withdrawal method and guard against overdrawing.
Remember we also want to keep track when a user fails to withdraw tokens.

Once you're done, you can compare your result with the example solution in the branch: `week1-question1`
