# Event sourcing infrastructure

Now that we have our basic wallet, we need to be able to persist and retrieve it. 

A default implementation is already provided. Let's explore how it works, and tweak it a bit!
But first, lets play with our newly created wallet.
There is an artisan command `php artisan wallet` that can be used to deposit & withdraw tokens to a wallet. 

```php
$wallet = $walletRepository->retrieve($walletId);
try {
    if($action === 'Deposit'){
        $wallet->deposit($tokens);
    } else {
        $wallet->withdraw($tokens);
    }
} catch (SorryCantWithdraw $exception) {
    $this->error($exception->getMessage());
    return 1;
} finally {
    $walletRepository->persist($wallet);
}
```

In the action we retrieve the wallet, and we try to deposit or withdraw tokens. Note that the actions are wrapped in a try-catch block with a save in the finally block.
This will ensure that the wallet is persisted in the repository, even when there is an exception that still records some events.

When we look at the `WalletServiceProvider` we can see what we need in order to build a `WalletRepository`.
```php
    return new WalletRepository(
        $this->app->make(WalletMessageRepository::class),
        new MessageDispatcherChain(),
        new DefaultHeadersDecorator(),
        new DotSeparatedSnakeCaseInflector(),
    );
```

## MessageDispatcherChain (MessageDispatcher)
The message dispatcher makes sure that messages are dispatched to other sources. Such as projections, reactors and message busses.
We'll come back to this later.

## DefaultHeadersDecorator (MessageDecorator)
DefaultHeadersDecorator is an instance of `MessageDecorator` we can use this to add headers to the event payload. 
Be default the following headers will be added:
* EventId
* EventType
* TimeOfRecording
* TimeOfRecordingFormat
* AggregateRootId
* AggregateRootIdType
* AggregateRootType
* AggregateRootVersion

## DotSeparatedSnakeCaseInflector (ClassNameInflector)
This is the inflector that will be used to convert the aggregate root class name to a dot separated snake case string.
Inflectors are used in two other places. One to convert event class and one for aggregate root id class. 

## WalletMessageRepository (MessageRepository)
Event sauce gives us a few implementations for message repositories. For Laravel we can use the `IlluminateUuidV4MessageRepository`. 
To have easy dependency injection, we extend this Illuminate repository, and configure the walletMessageRepository in our ServiceProvider like this: 
```php
return new WalletMessageRepository(
    connection: $application->make(DatabaseManager::class)->connection(),
    tableName: 'wallet_messages',
    serializer: new ConstructingMessageSerializer(),
    tableSchema: new DefaultTableSchema(),
    uuidEncoder: new BinaryUuidEncoder(),
);
```
## serializer: 
Message serializer used to serialize and deserialize messages. This is where we'd configure upcasters as well. With EventSauce you have two different types of payload serializers:

* ObjectMapperPayloadSerializer: This serializer will use some conventions in order to serialize the payload of events
* ConstructingPayloadSerializer: This requires to implement the `PayloadSerializer` interface on your events. Manually configuring how to serialize and deserialize the payload.
## Table schema & uuidEncoder, connection & table name: 
Implementation details for the illuminate message storage repo.


Let's play around with our infra a bit. Below are some challenges you could attempt to take on: 
1. Add a decorator that adds a random number to the message headers. (See: https://eventsauce.io/docs/advanced/message-decoration/)
2. Currently, class names are stored with their namespace (Domains\Wallet\Events\TokensWithdrawn would be stored as domains.wallet.events.tokenswithdrawn). Can you implement a configuration that maps class names to strings. So that our application won't break when a class is moved to a different namespace or renamed? (See https://eventsauce.io/docs/advanced/message-internals/) 
3. Change the Serializer from ConstructingPayloadSerializer to ObjectMapperPayloadSerializer (https://eventsauce.io/docs/serialization/object-mapper/)


